Jiobit, a 1.5-year-old, Chicago-based self-learning location tracking technology, has raised $3 million in seed funding, including from Lior Ron, the cofounder of Otto (now owned by Uber) which is developing autonomous trucks, Chicago-based MATH Venture Partners and Inflection Equity. TechCrunch has more here.
Lighthouse, a three-year-old, New York-company whose app takes data from sensors like Bluetooth beacons to deliver information about users’ surroundings based on their exact position, has raised $940,000 from Tamarisc, an early stage venture capital firm that invests in real estate technology companies. Other participants in the round include Morningside Technology Ventures and Storm Industries Investments. TechCrunch has more here.
Raisin, a 3.5-yearold, Berlin, Germany-based financial marketplace that enables savers to access deposit rates across Europe, has raised €30 million ($32 million) in Series C funding led by Thrive Capital, with participation from earlier investors Ribbit Capital and Index Ventures. Tech.eu has more here.
Reflektive, a three-year-old, San Francisco-based startup that aims to replace the typically painful review process with a lightweight, real-time feedback system that integrates into an employee’s daily workflow, has raised $25 million in Series B funding led by earlier backer Lightspeed Venture Partners, with participation from fellow earlier investor Andreessen Horowitz. TechCrunch has more here.
Verily Life Sciences, the medical arm of Alphabet, has raised $800 million from the Singapore-based investment company Temasek Holdings, which aims to bring the company’s futuristic healthcare approach to Asian markets. Bloomberg has the story here.
Venrock, the 47-year-old venture firm that started as the venture arm of the Rockefeller family, has closed its eighth fund with $450 million, which longtime partner Bryan Roberts calls “not too big and not too small, but just about right” in a new blog post. More here.
Button, a 2.5-year-old, New York-based marketplace for app integrations, has raised $20 million in Series B funding led by Norwest Venture Partners, with participation from earlier backers Redpoint Ventures, DCM, and Greycroft Partners. TechCrunch has more here.
Cleo, a 15-month-old, London-based startup behind an AI-powered chatbot to help users manage their finances, has raised $700,000 in seed funding from a powerful list of angel investors, including Skype founder Niklas Zennström, Zoopla co-founder Alex Chesterman, and Wonga co-founder Errol Damelin. TechCrunch has more here.
Doctolib, a 3.5-year-old, Paris-baed online and mobile booking platform that helps users find specialist doctors nearby and book appointments, has raised $28 million in new funding led by Bpifrance, with participation from Ludwig Klitzsch and earlier backers Accel Partners, Pierre Kosciusko-Morizet and Nicolas Brusson. TechCrunch has more here.
KenSci, a 1.5-year-old, Seattle, Wa.-based healthcare data platform, has raised $8.5 million in Series A funding led by Ignition Partners, with participation from Osage University Partners and Mindset Ventures. The Seattle Times has more here.
Ring, a four-year-old, Santa Monica, Ca.-based video doorbell and connected security device startup whose newest product is a video motion floodlight, has raised $109 million in Series D funding led by DFJ Growth, Goldman Sachs Investment Partners and Qualcomm Ventures. Other participants in the round include Sir Richard Branson, American Family Insurance, Shea Ventures, and True Ventures. The financing also includes “a small amount” of debt funding from Silicon Valley Bank, says the company. TechCrunch has more here.
SentinelOne, a four-year-old, Palo Alto, Ca.-based endpoint security company, has raised $70 million in Series C funding led by earlier investor Redpoint Ventures , with participation from Sound Ventures and earlier backers Third Point Ventures, Data Collective, Granite Hill Capital Partners, Westly Group, and SineWave Ventures. SentinelOne has now raised $110 million to date. TechCrunch has more here.
Vestiaire Collective, an eight-year-old, Paris-based e-commerce marketplace for clothing and fashion accessories, has raised $62 million in fresh funding led by Vitruvian Partners, with participation from earlier investors Eurazeo and Idinvest. TechCrunch has more here.
EquipmentShare, a 2.5-year-old, Columbia, Ms.-based startup that helps contractors rent out their under-utilized equipment, has raised $26 million in Series B funding led by Insight Venture Partners, with participation from Romulus Capital and Y Combinator. The round included $6 million in shares that converted from an earlier Series A round, and $20 million in new capital. More here.
LiquiGlide, a four-year-old, Cambridge, Ma.-based company whose patented coatings ensure a permanently wet, slippery surface, has raised $16 million in new funding from Structure Capital, Valia Investments, Struck Capital, Pilot Grove and others who the company isn’t naming. LiquiGlide has raised $25 million to date. TechCrunch has more here.
Prattle, an eight-month-old, Atlanta, Ga.-based startup that sells sentiment data analysis to research analysts, traders and other finance professionals, has raised $3.3 million in seed funding led by GCM Grosvenor. New Enterprise Associates, Correlation Ventures, Plug and Play Ventures and numerous unnamed angels also joined the round. More here.
Redox, a three-year-old, Madison, Wi.-based integration platform for digital healthcare applications, has raised $9 million in Series B funding led by RRE Ventures, with participation from earlier backers .406 Ventures, HealthX Ventures, and Flybridge Capital Partners. More here.
Secret Double Octopus, a 1.5-year-old, Israel-based network security company, has raised $6 million in Series A funding from Jerusalem Venture Partners, Liberty Media’s Israel Venture Fund, Iris Capital, Benhamou Global Ventures and angel investor Yaniv Tal. TechCrunch has more here.
Voodoo Manufacturing, a 1.5-year-old, Brooklyn, N.Y.-based startup that’s building a virtualized manufacturing service atop a networked cluster of low-end 3D printers, has raised $1.4 million in seed funding from Y Combinator and KPCB Edge. TechCrunch has more here.
Merus Capital, a nine-year-old, Palo Alto, Ca.-based early-stage venture firm focused on enterprise opportunities, has raised $85 million for its third fund — roughly twice what its raised for its last fund. Fortune has more here.
Origin Ventures, a 17-year-old, Chicago venture capital firm, has raised $65.9 million toward a $100 million target for its fourth fund, shows a newly amended SEC filing. More here.
Adaptemy, a three-year-old, Dublin, Ireland-based adaptive learning startup, has raised more than €3 million ($3.2 million) in funding. Backers included Folens Publishers and Enterprise Ireland. More here.
Atlas Genetics, a 12-year-old, Bath, England-based company that develops ultra-rapid point-of-care diagnostic tests for infectious diseases, has raised $35 million in Series D funding from earlier backers Novartis Venture Funds, Consort Medical, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, LSP, BB Biotech Ventures, RMI Partners and Technology Venture Partners. Wondfo Biotech, a Chinese in-vitro diagnostic company, also joined the round as a first-time investor. FierceBiotech has more here.
Cuemath, a five-year-old, Bangalore, India-based education company that pairs students with Cuemath teachers across what it hopes will someday be a network of 5,000 centers, has raised $15 million in Series B funding led by CapitalG and earlier backer Sequoia India. More here.
EasyMile, a 2.5-year-old, Toulouse, France-based start-up that’s developing an electric driverless shuttle (and, notably, is a joint venture between vehicle manufacturer Ligier Group and the services robotics company Robosoft), has raised €$14 million ($15 million) from Alstom, an integrated railways systems company. More here.
Habito, a London-based digital mortgage broker, has raised £5.5 million ($6.9 million) in Series A funding led by Ribbit Capital, with participation from existing investor Mosaic Ventures. Tech City News has more here.
Lobster, a three-year-old, London-based content marketplace where ad agency customers can buy or license social media created by individuals, has raised £1 million in Series A funding, including from KL10CH, a tech hub co-working space in Moscow, and Nikolay Katorzhnov, the former CEO of Otkritie Capital. TechCrunch has more here.
Lumus, a 16-year-old, Israel-based augmented reality lens maker, has raised $6 million from Alibaba. GeekTime has more here.
The Noodle Companies, a 6.5-year-old, New York-based family of education technology companies, has raised $5 million in Series A funding from SWaN & Legend Venture Partners. The company was founded by John Katzman, who helped build the Princeton Review, among other companies. EdSurge has more here.
Pitchero, a 10-year-old, Leeds, England-based startup that makes it easy for amateur and grassroots sports clubs to build a web presence and move their communities online, has raised £3.1 million ($3.9 million) in Series A funding led by ICM, a global fund manager with other sports interests. TechCrunch has more here.
Raze, a young, Beverly Hills, Ca.-based digital media company that plans to produce “Latin-centered” content across multiple platforms, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding from UTA, Greycroft Partners and Raine Ventures. Raze was cofounded by actress Sofia Vergara, her longtime business partner Luis Balaguer, and Emiliano Calemzuk, a former president of Fox Television Studios. Variety has more here.
Talentoday, a 3.5-year-old, San Francisco, Ca.-based human resources tech startup, has raised $3.49 million in Series A funding led by The Adecco Group, a maker of workforce software. More here.
Tricentis, a 10-year-old, Vienna, Austria-based startup that helps enterprise development teams automate software testing, has received $165 million in funding from Insight Venture Partners. More here.
TrustPilot, a 10-year-old, Copenhagen, Denmark-based multi-language online merchant review community, has raised $6.9 million (£5.5 million) in fresh funding from earlier backer Draper Esprit. The company had previously raised at least $116 million in funding, shows Crunchbase. More here.
Whistle Sports, a three-year-old, London-based digital entertainment media company, has raised $27.5 million in Series C funding from Beringea, TEGNA, NBC Sports Ventures, Sky and Emil Capital. More here.
Atomic Management, a three-year-old, San Francisco-based startup studio that comes up with ideas and then builds and funds its startups from scratch, has raised $20 million for its first fund, including from investors Marc Andreessen and Peter Thiel. Already, says the WSJ, the firm has created six startups that employ 300 people and which have collectively raised $100 million in follow-on funding, including the Wi-Fi marketing startup Zenreach. More here.
China has set up a $14.6 billion fund to support investment in the internet sector, said official news agency Xinhua on Sunday. The fund, backed by China’s cabinet, is designed to help turn China into a major player in internet technology. Reuters has more here.
Adarza BioSystems, a nine-year-old, St. Louis, Mo.-based company that develops biological assay platforms for measuring clinical and point-of-care samples, has raised $17 million in Series C funding led by RiverVest. MedCity News has more here.
Cristal Therapeutics, 5.5-year-old, Limberg, The Netherlands-based life sciences company developing nanomedicines to treat cancer and other, chronic inflammatory diseases, has raised €12.8 million ($13.6 million) in funding from a consortium headed by Aglaia BioMedical Ventures and Belgian DROIA Oncology Ventures. FinSMEs has more here.
Dwolla, a nine-year-old, Des Moines, Ia.-based startup that competes and partners with banks to provide payments and money transfers with reduced fees via its software, has raised $6.85 million led by previous investor Union Square Ventures and new investor Foundry Group. Other participants include Next Level Ventures, Ludlow Ventures, High Alpha, Firebrand Ventures, and Detroit Venture Partners. TechCrunch has more here.
Faradion, a six-year-old, Sheffield, U.K.-based low-cost battery material developer, has raised £3.2 million ($3.9 million) in Series B funding from Mercia Technologies and earlier investors Finance Yorkshire Seedcorn Fund and Haldor Topsoe A/D. More here.
Lmrkts, a four-year-old, New York based fintech startup, has raised an undisclosed amount of Series A funding led by Motive Partners. More here.
Milk Mantra, an eight-year-old, Odisha, India-based dairy startup offering natural milk products to urban consumers, has raised $10 million in Series D funding led by Neev Fund. Eight Road Ventures (an investment arm of Fidelity International), and impact investor Aavishkaar also participated in the round. The Tech Portal has more here.
Miss Fresh, a 2.5-year-old, Beijing-based company that provides fresh produce from U.S., Chile and Australia to Chinese consumers and guarantees two-hour delivery, has raised $100 million in new funding led by the venture capital arm of Lenovo and Zhejiang Zheshang Venture Capital Co. Other participants in the round include Tencent Holdings, South Korean KTB Investment & Securities, Grand Flight Investment and China Growth Capital. China Money Network has more here.
Qonto, a 10-month-old, Paris, France-based next-gen bank for entrepreneurs, has raised $1.7 million in seed funding led by Alven Capital, with participation from Valar Ventures and angel investors. More here.
Wydr, a year-old, Gurugram, India-based mobile wholesale marketplace, has raised an undisclosed amount of second round funding from Bessemer Venture Partners, Stellaris Venture Partners and Jungle Venture Partners. Axis Capital from Singapore has also joined the round. Forbes India has more here.
CAVU Venture Partners, a food and beverage investment firm that launched its first, $156 million, fund in January of last year, has already raised a second fund, announcing the $209 million vehicle yesterday. Partly, its momentum owes to a late-stage bet on health drink company Bai, which sold in November for $1.7 billion to Dr Pepper Snapple Group. According to Forbes, that provided CAVU with a 3x return on its capital in just 10 months. More here.
HTC Vive, the virtual reality system developed by HTC, has launched a $10 million program to support virtual reality developers working on projects that drive awareness and understanding of global issues such as famine, poverty, gender disparity, and climate change. ZDNet has more here.
Raine Ventures, a 3.5-year-old, New York City-based private equity and venture firm focused on investments in digital media, entertainment, and sports, raised $100 million for its second fund, says  the WSJ. (Subscription required.)
Amra, a 6.5-year-old, Sweden-based digital health company that transforms MR images into precise body composition measurements, has raised $9 million in funding led by Pfizer Venture Investments and Novo Seeds. Tech.eu has more here.
Bankin’, a six-year-old, Paris, France-based personal money management app, has raised €7 million ($7.4 million) in funding led by Omnes Capital, with participation from CommerzVentures, Generation NewTech, and angel investors. More here.
Boughtbymany, a three-year-old, Lond-based insurance startup for members only, has raised $9 million in Series A funding led by Octopus Ventures, with participation from Munich Re/HSB Ventures and unnamed earlier backers. GeekTime has more here.
Credible, a four-year-old, San Francisco-based marketplace for student and personal loans (borrowers can receive competitive loan offers from numerous lenders), has closed on a $10 million Series B funding round.  The newest round brings total funding to $23 million to date for the young Fintech firm. The series B funding round was led by Regal Funds Management, with participation from earlier backers Ron Suber and Carthona Capital. Crowdfund Insider has more here.
DigiLens, a 13-year-old, Sunnyvale, Ca-based that makes holographic projection systems, laser projectors, and transparent displays, has raised $22 million in fresh funding from Sony, Foxconn, Continental, Panasonic, Alsop Louie Partners, Bold Capital, Nautilus Venture Partners and Dolby Family Ventures. TechCrunch has more here.
Fabric, a year-old New York City-based digital life insurance company, has raised $2.5 million in funding led by Bessemer Venture Partners, with participation from Box Group, Brainchild, Maveron, Red Sea Ventures, andRGAx. More here.
Fig, a 1.5-year-year-old, San Francisco-based crowdfunding platform and publisher that sells SEC-qualified shares tied to individual game projects, has raised $7.84 million in Series A funding led by Spark Capital and Greycroft, with participation from Resolute Ventures, NextView Ventures, and Draft Ventures. More here.
Flirtey, a three-year-old, Reno, Nv.-based drone delivery service, has raised $16 million in Series A funding led by the company’s seed investors, Menlo Ventures and Qualcomm Ventures, and joined by Lowercase Capital, Y Combinator and World Innovation Lab. TechCrunch has more here.
FLYR, a three-year-old, San Francisco data science company that predicts flight fare changes, has raised $8 million in  Series A funding led by Peter Thiel, with participation from JetBlue Technology Ventures, Streamlined Ventures, AXA Strategic Ventures, Amadeus, Western Technology Investment, Plug and Play and Chasm Capital Management. More here.
Headset, a year-old, Bellevue, Wa.-based retail analytics firm for cannabis-related businesses, has raised $2.5 million in funding from Hypur Ventures and Salveo Capital. More here.
Huangbaoche, a two-year-old, Beijing-based travel startup providing tour packages and booking services for outbound Chinese tourists, has raised $30 million in Series B funding led by Matrix Partners China and GF Xinde Investment Management. Concord Investment and earlier backer SSC Fund also participated in the round. China Money Network has more here.
Iyzico, a four-year-old, Istanbul, Turkey-based payment receipt system management platform, has raised raised $13 million in Series C funding led by Vostok Emerging Finance, with participation from International Finance Corporation and 212. Tech.eu has more here.
The Players’ Tribune, a two-year-old, New York-based media platform being professional athletes and fans together, has raised $40 million in Series C funding led by IVP, with participation from GV and earlier investors New Enterprise Associates, Thomas Tull, GenTrust and individual athletes. Fortune has more here.
Shenma Finance, a 1.5-year-old, Shanghai-based financial services platform focused on China’s rural population, has raised $14 million in Series B funding led by the Beijing-based Chinese private equity firm ChinaEquity Group. Earlier backers Shunwei Capital, China Growth Capital and Frees Fund also participated in the round. China Money Network has more here.
SilverCloud Health, a five-year-old, Dublin, Ireland-based digital healthcare company whose online programs aims to help people experiencing a range of mental and behavioral problems, has raised €7.6 million ($9.4 million)  funding led by by Eduardo Saverin’s B Capital Group. Other participants in the round include ACT Venture Capital, Investec Ventures, Enterprise Ireland and NDRC. The Times has more here.
Salsify, a four-year-old, Boston-based product content management platform for retail brands, has raised $30 million in Series C funding led by local venture capital firm Underscore.VC. Earlier backers Venrock, Matrix Partners and North Bridge also joined the round. More here.
Split, a year-old, Redwood City, Ca.-based platform for controlled rollouts of new features, has raised $8 million in Series A funding led by Accel Partners, with participation from Lightspeed Venture Partners and Sway Ventures. More here.
TellusLabs, a seven-month-old, Somerville, Ma.-based satellite imagery and machine learning company, has raised $3 million in new seed funding from IA Ventures, along with Hyperplane VC, Founder Collective and Project11. TechCrunch has more here.
URWork, a five-year-old, China-based co-working space start-up a la WeWork, has raised $58 million in new funding from Tianhong Asset Management Co., the Chinese property developer Junfa Group and a number of other Chinese companies. China Money Network has more here.
Collibra, a nine-year-old, New York-based company that automates data management processes, has raised $50 million in Series C funding led by ICONIQ Capital, with participation from Battery Ventures and return backers Dawn Capital, Index Ventures and Newion Investments. TechCrunch has more here.
Deputy, a nine-year-old, Sydney, Australia-based maker of workforce software that manages employees, shift changes, log-ins, and payroll, has raised $25 million in Series A financing from OpenView. GeekTime has more here.
InsideSales, a 12.5-year-old, Provo, Ut.-based predictive analytics platform that helps salespeople focus on finding and engaging prospects at the right time, has raised $50 million in fresh funding today. The round was led by earlier backer Polaris Partners, along with newcomers QuestMark Partners and the Irish Strategic Investment Fund. Earlier backers Microsoft, Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, HWVP, USVP, Epic Ventures and Zetta Venture Partners also joined the round, which brings InsideSales’s total funding to more than $250 million. TechCrunch has more here.
Iris Automation, a year-old, Vancouver, British Columbia-based startup that’s developing collision avoidance systems for industrial drones, has raised $1.5 million in seed funding led by Bee Partners, with participation from Social Capital, GGV Capital, Liquid 2, Kevin Moore and Paul Bucheit. TechCrunch has more here.
Laugh.ly, a months-old, San Francisco-based streaming service for stand-up comedy (it features a library of comedians’ stand-up sets), has raised $2.25 million in seed funding led by New York Angels. Other participants in the round include Barbara Corcoran, the Wharton Alumni Angel Network, Social Capital, Backstage Capital, Treehouse Capital, Accelerator Ventures and Atlas Holdings. TechCrunch has more here.
Neurala, a nine-year-old, Boston-based software company behind The Neurala Brain, a deep learning neural networks platform, has raised $14 million in Series A funding led by Pelion Venture Partners, with participation from Sherpa Capital, Motorola Solutions Venture Capital, SK Ventures, Idinvest Partners, with earlier backers 360 Capital and Draper Associates Investments. TechCrunch has more here.
Pipedrive, a six-year-old, New York-based company that makes sales pipeline software, has raised $17 million in Series B funding led by Atomico, with participation from earlier backers Bessemer Venture Partners and Rembrandt Venture Partners. TechCrunch has more here.
Process Street, a two-year-old, New York-based platform for workflow automation, business process management and reporting, has raised $1.3 million in fresh seed funding from Blackbird Ventures and AirTree Ventures.The company had previously passed through the AngelPad accelerator program. More here.
ProtectWise, a 3.5-year-old, Denver-based security startup that records network traffic DVR-style and saves it in the cloud, has raised $25 million in new funding from Arsenal Venture Partners, Top Tier Capital Partners, Tola Capital, and unnamed strategic investors. The company has now raised more than $67 million altogether. TechCrunch has more here.
Zeotap, a two-year-old, Berlin-based startup that helps telecom companies sell their data to advertisers, has raised €12 million (roughly $13 million) in Series B funding. The capital came from New Science Ventures and location services provider HERE, as well as previous investors Capnamic Ventures and Iris Capital. Zeotap has now raised more than $20 million. TechCrunch has more here.
Alchemist Accelerator, a three-year-old, San Francisco-based accelerator program that makes seed and early-stage investments, has raised $2.5 million for a new fund, including from Johnson Controls, Ericsson, and Analog Garage, the venture arm of Analog Devices. TechCrunch has more here.
Tej Kohli, an Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist with an estimated net worth of $6 billion, say he has earmarked an initial $25 million for a program called the The Kohli Impact Investment Initiative that will be invested through his investment firm, Kohli Ventures. The idea is to funnel capital to ideas and technologies with societal and environmental benefits, including via sectors that include artificial intelligence, fintech, ag tech and renewables. More here.
A new fintech-focused venture firm called Motive Partners, founded by a team of fintech entrepreneurs and investors, is launching today with offices in London and New York. The outfit isn’t revealing its fund size but earlier this month it quietly filed a Form D with the SEC noting that it was raising $150 million. TechCrunch has more here.
New Enterprise Associates, the 40-year-old venture firm, has signaled its intention to raise $3 billion for its 16th fund in a new SEC filing. More here.
Google is taking over Twitter’s mobile app developer platform Fabric, as well as its Answers mobile app analytics, and Crashlytics crash reporting system. The moves come as Twitter looks to cut its non-essential divisions. TechCrunch has more here.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise is acquiring the eight-year-old, Westborough, Ma.-based data-storage startup SimpliVity for $650 million in cash, a steep discount to the startup’s most recent $1 billion valuation. SimpliVity had raised more than $275 million from investors, including Accel Partners, CRV and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. The WSJ has more here.
Jason Child, CFO of Jawbone, the troubled consumer tech company, has left the company. Child had joined Jawbone in July 2015 from Groupon, where he had served as CFO for nearly five years and took the company public. The Verge has the story here.
Compass, the real estate startup that was recently assigned a $1 billion valuation, has a new COO: Maëlle Gavet. Gavet was most recently an EVP at Priceline. Earlier, she was CEO of Ozon, an Amazon-like company in Moscow. (We had lunch with her at the time to discuss the challenge of doing business in Russia.)
Daniel Springer is taking the reigns as CEO of the electronic signature company DocuSign. Springer was most recently an operating partner at the private equity firm Advent International. More here.
Ascent360, a three-year-old, Golden, Co.-based customer data platform, has raised $1.9 million in seed funding from Access Venture Partners, Nelnet, Bialla Venture Partners 2, Service Provider Capital, and the Rockies Venture Club. More here.
AppsFlyer, a 5.5-year-old, Herzliya, Israel-based marketing technology platform for apps, has raised $56 million in Series C funding led by Qumra Capital, with Goldman Sachs Private Capital Investing, Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, Pitango Growth and earlier backers participating. Fortune has more here.
Fraugster, a two-year-old, Leeds, U.K.-based cybersecurity company that aims to prevent payment fraud, has raised $5 million in funding led by Earlybird, with participation from Speedinvest and Seedcamp. TechCrunch has more here.
Letgo, a year-old, New York-based online marketplace for used goods that’s looking to steal market share from eBay and Craigslist, has raised $175 million from earlier backer Naspers, along with other previous investors Accel Partners, Insight Venture Partners, New Enterprise Associates and 14W. The startup has raised $375 million in total so far. Bloomberg has more here.
Measure, a 2.5-year-old, Washington, D.C.-based startup that flies drones as a service for businesses that want to do things like conduct inspections, has raised $15 million in Series B funding led by the IT services firm Cognizant. Other participants in the round include Hudson Bay Capital and an unnamed sovereign wealth fund. TechCrunch has more here.
Neufund, a six-month-old, Berlin-based outfit that’s building a blockchain-based and investor-directed platform, has raised €2 million ($2.1 million) from Atlantic Labs, Gameforge cofounder Klaas Kersting and a group of angel investors. TechCrunch has more here.
OPĀQ Networks, a Herndon, Va.-based network-security-as-a-service company, has raised $21 million in Series A funding from Columbia Capital, Harmony Partners and Zero-G. Glenn Hazard, long a managing partner of Zero-G, has also joined the company as CEO and chairman. More here.
OrderGroove, a six-year-old, New York-based company that helps retailers and brands sell online by building tools for them that are similar to those used by Amazon, has raised $20 million in Series C funding. The money comes from National Holdings Corporation, a New York-based publicly traded financial institution. (It has also backed Lyft, Palantir, and Coursera.) TechCrunch has more here.
Practo, a nine-year-old, Bangalore, Indian-based company whose platform enables patients to find healthcare providers and book appointments, has raised $55 million in Series D funding. The round was led by Tencent Holdings, with participation from ru-Net, RSI Fund (owned by Recruit Holdings), Thrive Capital and earlier backers Sequoia Capital, Capital G, Matrix Partners, Altimeter Capital and the investment holding company Sofina. TechCrunch has more here.
SecureSet Academy, a two-year-old, Denver, Co.-based startup that develops cybersecurity educational programs, has raised $4 million in Series A funding led by the Colorado Impact Fund. More here.
Spaces, a year-old, L.A.-based virtual- and mixed-reality firm, raised $6.5 million in seed funding led by Songcheng Performance Development Co., with participation from Comcast Ventures and other unnamed venture firms. More here.
Starburst Labs, a 4.5-year-old, New York-based company that operates a platform where individual investors and financial professionals connect (it also operates a CRM solution for financial advisors), has raised $6.25 million in Series A funding. Bel45 Capital Partners contributed $5 million to the round; the rest came from previous seed investors. Starburst has now raised $10.25 million altogether. TechCrunch has more here.
Upside.com, a year-old, Washington, D.C.-based website that tries to find discounts for small business travelers by suggesting alternative travel routes and accommodation and bundling flights and hotels together, has raised $50 million in funding. Participants include Red Ventures and the investment firm Leucadia National Corp. Upside was founded by Jay Walker, the founder of Priceline.com.Bloomberg has more here.
Zoom, a five-year-old, San Jose, Ca.-based cloud video conferencing service, announced a whopping $100 million Series D round this morning, entirely funded by Sequoia Capital. The company now boasts a $1 billion valuation. TechCrunch has more here.
Serena Capital, a nine-year-old, Paris-based venture capital firm, has raised nearly €80 million ($85.7 million) for Serena Data Ventures, a fund dedicated to investing in big data and artificial intelligence companies in Europe. More here.
Bunkr, a five-year-old, San Francisco-based startup that hosts presentations in the cloud for professionals wanting to illustrate their work through interactive presentations, has been acquired by Synthesio, an 11-year-old, New York-based social media monitoring and analytics platform. Bunkr looks to have raised just $1.4 million in funding, including from Idinvest Partners. Synthesis has raised at least $30 million, also from Idinvest Partners. Terms aren’t being disclosed. TechCrunch has more here.
Microsoft has acquired Maluuba, a five-year-old, Montreal-based artificial intelligence startup, for undisclosed terms. The company had raised $11 million from Nautilus Venture Partners and Emerillon Capital. TechCrunch has more here.
